kill everybody throughout Halla see from
indeed snowball calm welcome to NZ
snowball TV it is day two of competition
here at the bird and open up here at
cardrona behind us we've got all the
riders really going for the pre
qualifiers and qualifiers today and
basically this to many people is over a
hundred people wanting to get through to
the finals which going to be on Saturday
so we've got the pre qualifiers they're
happening behind us the key journey guys
have done an epic job on the pipe and
everyone stout day to bed and open 2009
you
yeah it's pretty sick to be back at
cardrona we used to be here a few years
ago and recent times their pipe has just
gotten bigger and better and snare a
true international standard and it's
what these competitors you know the Pro
snowboarders are actually used to it has
22 foot wolves which is like huge and
you know what was that big what enables
them to do is get more tranny get more
speed and basically go larger
yeah so pipes writing really well this
morning I thought was going to be a bit
icy but it groomed out real well so I'm
pipes a little it's softening up a
little bit but it's still run really
good tons of crazy runs are being thrown
down four qualifiers so looking forward
to finals because there's going to be
some crazy stuff throw now oh this is my
first you're actually doing both slope
and pipe it's a little intense going to
do straight from pipe right over to
slope practices and from slow practice
right over to pipe but it's fun it keeps
you busy throughout the whole week
Piper's suck up here today and it's
going off John Melba wood in the pipe
through they done a great job and um
it's 22 feet and it's awesome
I
yeah I'm so stoked I'm to this land my
last Roman send a knife right now so
hope to make it through to the cme's
you
there's a there's a lot of anticipation
about what might happen in the pipe so
uh I don't even want to think about
what's going to happen but it'll be cool
to watch it